this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute week for 13 couples
lined up this week but who would be the
unlucky ones to me it was all change on
the leaderboard as Lela and Anton Fox
trotted their way to the top closely
followed by Zoe and James Natalie didn't
leave her scores to chant and overcame
her nerves to get her highest marks
today
whilst Jade put her long legs to good
use despite shaking his tush Phil still
managed to end up near the bottom of the
leaderboard
you didn't merely dance Lady Luck smiled
on the two Joe's who both escaped
dance-off despite having the lowest
score as it was Linda and Craig whose
fate relied on the judges turnoff now if
you don't want to know who leaves
crying and levia and it was Linda's luck
which ran out her gravy boat hitting the
rocks
how will the remaining twelve couples do
next week tune into Strictly next
Saturday to find out